Welcome back.
I wanted to show you something that we haven't really talked about but again it's important to know
and that is that JavaScript has its own language to start off with.
And these are called key words and you can see here these are all javascript keywords and what they
mean is that when I change this from Mark down to JavaScript well all of these can see you have changed
colors and that is because all these words are cues within javascript that if you use them it already
has a predefined meaning attached to it.
So for example if we open up the browser
and I do a variable for he calls seven I'll get a syntax error because well four is used for for loop
I can't do var equals var equals eight because well var already means something in JavaScript So javascript
keywords are words that you cannot use because it'll have unintended consequences.
JavaScript is gonna read it and say Oh you're trying to meet something that I already know the meaning
of so this list over here you just have to be cautious that you don't name your variables or your functions
this way.
But as you can see these are the words that we've been using up until this point to create functions
to create for loops and we'll encounter these throughout the course.
But I wanted to leave this for you in the next section so that you'll have it as a reference.
I also want to show you what we've learned so far and I'm going to change this back to markdown.
So it's a little bit cleaner look at all this stuff we've done we've done looping we've learned about
data structures we've learned about functions logical operators conditionals variables comparisons and
types and there's still a few things that are great out here but we've learned 80 percent of what's
really really important in JavaScript these other ones.
We'll get to it in the advance section but what we've learned up until now is something that all computer
programs have once you learned this if you wanted to learn a new language there's small minor differences
but they all have types they all have conditionals they all have loops.
So once you master one programming language you can move on to others a lot faster than your first one
so use that as motivation to go through all these things that we've learned because in the next few
sections we're going to learn even more.
We've got an A law covered.
I'm really proud of you making it this far.
Can't wait to see you on the next video.
Bye bye.